hi guys this is the mother lode palette
that I ordered from sephora and i had a
coupon I want to coupon because I'm a
VIP member because I just love makeup I
know it is sold out on to sephora
website however today which is november
13 it is available on the Urban Decay
website I expect that would sell out
very quickly so i have a bag and some
samples just good perfume samples which
i always love moves your peace pact is
very long
this really is a huge palette I'm
another girl she did a great view on it
on YouTube realize how big it was I
don't know if I'm going to keep it to be
honest I love urban decay I tend to use
over there I shadows I'm here to naked 3
is coming out and of course I probably
will grab it Wow now I hope you guys can
get a good view of this that is
something it's so beautiful
all the colors does seem very wearable
compared to some of my other palettes
that hasn't just crazy right and green
colors are bright they seem very I'm not
too overbearing because i like my makeup
to look neutral the cute little palette
which is nice I'm sorry if I want to
keep it yet I do like it I what I ever
finish using this even if I live to be
90 I have no clue but it's definitely a
must-have it's just I mean if you can
afford it i would say definitely go
forward maybe I can
I don't know I know this is not a great
video but at least it'll give you some
sense of how beautiful and how big it is
I'm not even doing me swatches because
like I said I don't know if me to keep
it or give it away as a gift